Hello everyone.
Good morning. Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Hello? Are you guys hear me?
Uh, yes, I can. We can hear you.
Yes, I can.
OK, perfect. Thank you.
And happy Milestone Vanguard.
So seeing the sponsors,
I hear Andrea and myself. Let's see.
I also want to throw them to attend, so.
Oh, she got pulled into a meeting. Yeah,
give me.
OK, so the sponsors are here,
staff is here and Donald is here.
So from the prefer from the student side,
is there anybody else you guys want us to
wait?
Well.
Mhm.
It looks like one of our mate is not over
here from the team too, so.
And like I'm.
They chose to them, yes.
Like I mentioned in our last meeting,
one of our members will be unable to
This is fine, yeah.
So as long as you have the recording and
attend due to external stuff.
I think that the team member discussed it
with us and recorded their parts, right?
It's OK.
Um, I sorry,
we did not have them record a a portion
of the meeting.
Okay. So just, you know, cover it and
OK. So team one,
would you like to go ahead and start?
And first of all, congratulations,
you're about after this meeting,
your search is 3% done.
Alrighty, um, I will uh.
Just a second, John, give me a second.
So for the housekeeping purposes,
OK.
the team that she's not presenting,
if you guys can please switch off your
videos so that the sponsors can focus on
the presenting team.
Thank you.
I think again the team which is not
presenting,
if you can please switch off your video.
Thank you.
OK then. Good luck.
OK, let me share the window.
OK.
OK,
so this is our milestone one presentation
for the meeting intelligence platform.
So our presentation is gonna outline most
of the requirements from the meeting one
as well as we have our formal
requirements document that has been
listed under the GitHub repository that
has been shared to you all.
Um, so.
Here if Marcus would like to go over some
of our functional and non functional
requirements.
OK,
so in terms of functional requirements,
we have the first one,
which is upload and store reference
documents per capstone,
associate meetings of capstone projects,
generate meeting summaries and action
items,
direct detect potential scope and conduct
issues.
Send automated emails and alerts,
provide searchable admin dashboard,
maintain immutable audit logs,
evidence linking to generate flags,
and then provide web interface for both
faculty and staff and then authorize
users and it will be able to confirm or
dismiss any AI generated flags.
Red flags.
And in terms of non-functional
requirements, we need secure storage,
KSU approved services,
role-based access control,
traceable AI outputs.
All processing is going to be logged and
then traceable.
There won't be any external paid services
required with the exception of justified
of well.
Services such as Microsoft 365 Premium
subscription.
The system still maintain a 99 uptime
during active hours. Once recorded,
data will be stored in audit logs.
Access to outputs and transcripts will be
limited to only faculty and staff.
And then users must be able to view the
origin of any AI generated content.
All right. And if,
I believe Jayden will do the assumptions
and constraints.
No, Alla has a question.
Yeah. So guys,
there are some questions about the
requirements. So my question is,
would you like to complete the
presentation and then go back to the
questions or can we ask as we go,
what would you prefer?
We can answer questions now if you'd like
during the meeting.
Yeah,
let's talk about functional requirements.
So um.
Generate meeting summaries and action
items. You know,
I'm not sure we're really need it unless
you guys want to to do it because we
mostly want to detect problems.
However, attendance status,
if somebody doesn't come to the meeting,
is it considered to be a conduct issue?
OK. Yeah,
we we would probably have these kind of
those kind of things listed under a
meeting summary and under the red flag
detection,
we were originally planning to have it at
different like thresholds.
So if like certain of the risks that
we're trying to detect are detected by
the A I.
It'll then generate one of those red
flags into an e-mail summary,
but we were going to have a just minor
summary for each meeting. Uh,
listed 'cause I believe uh,
that's something that you mentioned that
was a wanted to have.
Yeah, it was a one to have, you know.
So bottom line,
attendance requirements met or not met is
mandatory and you don't need a EI for
that, right?
You want to see you've had the list of
Mhm.
students you know who attended and it can
be 1 -, 2.
Please keep in mind that attendance.
Requirements are different for regular
meetings and capstone meetings and
meeting summaries and action items. Great.
If you can squeeze it in,
it would be great. One more thing,
upload and store reference documents per
capstone years because you will need to
be able to identify.
Scope creep.
Even though you know scope creep can be
identified if you just look at the
meeting summary and the sponsor asks for
something and students say it wasn't a
part of the original requirements,
so actually you don't even need.
The reference documents per capstone,
but if you want to,
of course it will make your ingestion
failure,
but sure and probability of hallucination
and you know.
Free interpretation is higher,
but it's up to you. However,
general program guidelines like what is
the attendance requirements,
how to identify the red flags?
You will definitely need to to have this
information.
So what I'm trying to say is that it's
not just per cost,
it's general program guidelines also will
need to be ingest.
OK.
And for the nonfunctional.
Yes, yes, yes.
Once recorded,
data will be stored in audit logs.
And.
Which data are we referring?
So the data that we were referring to
here was once after a meeting takes place,
you have the records that are being
logged from like the meeting,
the AI will go through and or would
generate one of its summaries if we are
able to make it through that route and
then that.
Log of like the meeting being recorded
would be stored inside an audit log for
you know, traceability.
Or if the AI generates a red flag,
those kind of things would be stored in
audit logs for admins to be able to trace.
So OK,
so audit log is basically the program log,
but in addition the actual reportings and
you know conclusions and what happened
has to go to some kind of database, right?
Because when you your dashboard is not
Mhm.
going to search the audit logs.
Yeah.
OK.
And because I don't see database
mentioned here,
but again this is your implementation.
I just jumped on those it looks because I
really don't want the dashboard to scan
those it looks. Make sense.
Is that all the questions you had about
the non-functional requirements?
Unless Kendrick has something.
So my question was,
I think you talked to it a little bit.
I wanted to quickly ask about the the
functional requirements, right?
When you talked about the immutable audit
log, right? So how do you,
how did you implement the?
Calvin, would you like to take that one?
Sure, I can talk about it a little bit.
We it might be easier honestly to answer
OK.
the question.
Once we've detailed the architecture
diagram,
it'll show kind of where all the pieces
are going.
Is it OK if I I save that question for
the end then?
Intro.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, that that should happen.
I thought it was already, uh, implemented,
but that's fine.
You could always be there.
No, no, no. Kendra, just to to clarify,
this is the part where students have to
reiterate our requirements back to us to
confirm that they they got a good
Boxer.
understanding.
I think overall it's a great
understanding.
So the small things that I mentioned.
Yes.
Mm.
So that to be expected,
but overall I think guys you know.
OK, that's totally fine.
If I'm pardon me,
if I may make a suggestion,
I suggest the students conduct their
presentation in full and then hold
questions till the end.
Sure, we asked, but yeah, of course.
OK.
And we can go through with the rest of
the presentation.
If you guys have any questions,
then we can quickly answer them towards
the end.
All right, well,
and then if our team member Jaden would
like to take the assumptions and
constraints.
All right, so here,
here are our assumptions and constraints.
So our assumptions are that the program
will not be used by anyone outside of the
KSU faculty and staff.
Another assumption will be that Microsoft
Teams meetings are going to be consistent
recording.
And the last assumption is that automatic
transcription will be enabled and will
produce accurate text for analysis.
And the constraints that we're working
with are dealing with transcript
locations.
And utilizing Azure cloud hosting
platform.
Alrighty, and I'll take this slide.
This is our initial just architecture
overview diagram.
This first column here on the left is the
two main users of our web app detailed in
the initial just capstone documentation.
They'll be able to view and manage
everything on our React Web app and we to
keep everything on one system would like
to use Azure App Services,
just keeping everything under the
Microsoft suite.
The back end will be powered by fast API
that will be able to call the rag LLM and
things will be stored in an Azure
database.
And we can grab files and various
information from there.
And most of the project will center
around our Power Automate.
When new recordings are ready,
Power Automate will automatically detect
that filter them.
And post them to where they need to go
for them to be properly analyzed.
And then once they are,
we will also use another Power Automate
flow to e-mail the users those summaries
and reports.
Alrighty.
And then this is our entity relationship
diagram. Calvin,
if you'd like to take that as well.
Yeah, this is just our first mock up.
It doesn't necessarily reflect some of
the.
Requirements we were discussing earlier
about making sure everyone is in
attendance or recording all of that,
but we have 6 main entities.
We'll have our user right,
which would be one of the two mentioned
earlier on the previous slide,
just the CCOC.
Administrator or Observer.
Then within the web app we'll have
multiple different projects right
representing the different capstones that
are taking place that semester.
For every capstone there will be teams
meetings and for every meeting there will
be a transcript and we will.
Create using the AI the kind of report
flags and summaries.
OK, this is our user flow.
So this basically showcases the entire
user experience throughout the app as
well as some of the things that are
happening on the back back end.
So basically it'll showcase that a user
will log in and as long as they're
verified with the correct credentials,
they'll be displayed with the risk
dashboard upon the risk dashboard.
You'll be displayed with a variety of
projects that have been stored within
your directories.
So if a project does not exist,
you can either create and insert a new
project directly from the app and it'll
go through and create the empty folders
as well as the proper like path file or
path directory for it.
And then you can have then you'll be
taken to a project page once you just
choose to select a project.
There you can either upload project
artifacts like the SRSS or anything that
the capstans might use,
and then the AI will go through and send
that or the actual program will send that
to Power Automate,
which will then utilize an LLM to go
through and scrape that.
For any necessary project information and
allowing it to be stored,
as well as Power Automate will kind of
act as the center behind the entire
application,
allowing for risk detections to be
generated, emailing the users.
Once a red flag has been detected,
it'll interact with the Azure database
retrieving.
And storing project data as well as I'm
retrieving transcripts that have been
stored within the meeting directories.
And then these are some of our wireframes
if Marcus would like to take those.
OK, so for the first wireframe,
we just decided to do a very simple sort
of login where it will be based off your
e-mail and also your password.
This can be I guess one thing we can
probably add that I did sort of forget is
maybe a a second for you know,
forgetting e-mail or password.
But just wanted to keep it simple since
it's just a basic login screen.
Then this one is our main page.
With it you'll be able to create new
projects.
Below that you'll have a list of all the
projects that have already been, you know,
created and started and that's split into.
A spring and then fall semesters on the
left you have a sort of quick access.
So if you say you have more than 10,
this will probably show like the most,
it'll show the most recent projects
you've done.
But then there's also a see all button.
So if you want to see ones that were done,
maybe.
Past the last three semesters ago,
you can also view them there.
And then there's also a notification bell
which is will show notifications such as
red flag risks, potential ones.
And then you also have a profile drop
down which will show you account details,
settings and also allow you to log out.
Then on this we have our project page
project page.
This is where it'll show the project name.
It'll also show you the latest meeting
that has been recorded,
both with the actual date and the time.
You can also upload file contents to this
to the page.
And then below that you also have your
various different reports which will have
an ID, basic details if there has,
if there were any identified risks and
then allow you to view a more detailed
part of the report.
And if you were to click on the gear,
it'll take you to project setting page.
Where where you can sort of see the
current project members and then also add
more.
I did use drop downs for role changing.
That's probably not the the best idea.
So some of the changes that will probably
do a sort of like mini window like you.
You can click on say member 2A mini
window may pop up and then that'll give
you details about them and then you can
change it there rather than just changing
the role here.
And then finally we have the project
creation page, which is on the main page.
So if you create a new project,
you'll have you'll be able to enter the
team name, the project title,
the project sponsor,
a basic project description such as how
ours is supposed to be a tool.
That will identify red flags in capstone
team meetings,
so you can put that sort of description
in there.
You can select what capstone semester the
capstone falls under,
such as spring or fall,
and then you can also add starting
members, so.
So if you already have sort of an idea of,
hey, I need these people in this project,
you can add them here and then the one
inside of the project page that can be
for say brand new additions.
And this is our project plan and task
breakdown.
So the entire idea behind this is for the
CCSC intelligence platform is that it'll
be deployed across university approved
services in order to ensure a secure and
stable application.
Our back end services like Microsoft
Azure will be utilized to connect across.
The entire Microsoft environment allow
laying our fast API on the back end to
perform various tasks.
Our system database will be maintained
using Azure Managed Database Services,
ensuring A reliable storage and per
project metadata, AI generated summaries,
audit logs and configuration settings.
The automation and integration will be
done with Microsoft through 365 ecosystem
handling.
It'll be handled using the Microsoft
Power Automate Power Automate.
Like I said previously,
it'll act as more of a center for the
entire project,
allowing it to monitor designated
directories for new recordings.
Transcripts generating from Microsoft
Teams.
It'll automatically scrape them for
summaries and then compare these against
the product specifications that are
stored in the database,
as well as allowing it to e-mail directly
for alerts that have been generated by
the AI,
and it'll allow all of this to happen
within a timely fashioned allowing.
Faculty and staff to establish a secure
pipeline to facilitate these
notifications.
And then this was our project task
breakdown that Noah had generated.
It basically just over overviews our
entire scope and our general timeline to
complete it within a 10 week period to
give us about one week I believe before
our full meeting or for the final
milestone meeting.
This will allow us to basically break
down the entire setup of the environment,
building the skeletons for the back end
and the front end,
as well as developing the A I pipeline
and notification system and then
providing ample time for testing.
And then previously we have already
shared the entire GitHub repository with
all members.
If if anyone has any different or
different emails that they need to be
added for, we can allow for that.
And then that's our.
Project so.
You guys are so on top of it.
It's beautiful. A few small things. OK,
so members, project members,
who are these people physically?
Are they staff and faculty members or are
those students?
Uh, they would be faculty and staff. Uh,
so people like you or maybe uh Henry that
Yes, mhm.
have been added.
Got you, got you. So you know,
I don't even know if because we've
defined the admin like the staff user
role is the one who can make any updates
and faculty is the view only.
So I saw that you gave this extra
flexibility,
which can conflict with the predefined
roles. So you may want to kill.
You know what I mean, right?
We don't need to go to the slide.
OK.
You know exactly what I mean, right?
Yeah.
Yeah,
so the so the the admins would have like
Yeah, so if.
a separate role from the faculty.
Exactly.
So admins by default can edit everything
and faculty by default is the read only
and I'm not even sure that this member
addition functionality is really needed
because for this version we can just say
admin can.
Keith also, you know,
is a member of all the capstones and so
is faculty,
but admin is the edit and faculty is a
read only. That's it.
Another thing is so you have the semester,
OK.
you don't have the year.
I think it's just an oversight.
And you don't have,
you don't have either of those in your
database draft,
which is fine because the draft was,
you know, very high level.
I think I didn't see in your entity
diagram.
A semester and year,
but we definitely need both.
Yes.
OK,
so both database and the screen have to
have semester and year.
That's small thing.
Uh, you know, that's probably.
High level all I had,
but now you and Henry can have this
fascinating,
fascinating discussion about how exactly
your stories.
All right. Henry,
did you have any questions towards the
end or did we answer any of them that you
had?
No,
I think everything is pretty much clear
now.
So I'll just wait for the implementation
then because my question will be more
technical.
So but I need to like know what's already
working because I also believe that some
of these things might actually be changed
in case you might run into any
bottlenecks.
But yeah, yeah. So but as we,
I think as we progress and we start
Mhm.
building then the picture gets clearer
and I think that's probably where I want
to have the most contribution and see
what's going on.
Alright.
Yeah, but so far, this is a very clear,
clear explanation.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Guys,
can we go back for a second to the
architecture diagram where you have like
power to make connection to the rest of
yes.
So who is actually which component is
actually doing the AI parsing?
Sync and pushing it into the database.
So this was going to be the A I was going
to be linked through Power Automate it
was or but it would also interact with
our fast API. So like it'd be a rag LLM,
Yes.
most likely some rapper class from.
Either either like a ChatGPT or Gemini
wrapper and that could be integrated
through through the fast API and Power
Automate in order to handle the scraping
of files.
So here is the you have to check because
power automate flows.
I think something in Microsoft 365 can do
automatic like AI enforced parsing of the
transcripts.
Yeah.
I believe,
I think it's a part of the premium.
And I can cover.
I spoke to the Dean and we can cover the
premium subscription.
So see if this can serve as a good
shortcut for you.
OK, um and.
Because then you know all the LLM things
will be handled by Microsoft and then you
can you know after the reporting is done,
maybe we can auto generate the summary or
something and then you don't.
You know when it goes to the database it
already goes, but I'm not sure.
Hmm.
OK.
Just check please.
But again I I agree with you that we will
need to heat it both ways.
So maybe if you're any way heating the
LLM from the fast API side,
it doesn't make any sense to try to
divide it into two parts. I'm not sure.
Just please look into this.
Like what Microsoft has out-of-the-box.
Yeah,
that's why it's I think slightly
Alrighty.
different.
It it will depend on if the pre-existing
blocks in Power Automate have the
functionality to carry out all of those.
Requirements.
I was looking at it the other day at at
the different blocks, so we'll have to.
Play around with it a little bit to
determine what is necessary.
Yes, and again,
it may be not even on Power Automate
blocks.
It may be as a part of the reporting a
subscription.
Premium can generate some kind of summary.
I doubt that you know you can feed your
own input into this.
So probably not all the red flags can be
identified. Just look into it.
OK.
I honestly didn't have time and that's
why we we brought this project to you
Yeah.
because I cannot do it honest. Yeah,
I think no more questions.
OK.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot and we're doing so great on
time. Congratulations guys.
Thank you.
Now your official research is represent.
Timto, Are you ready to present?
Um, yes, we are.
So in this case,
I would ask you please to swap the video.
Yeah.
OK.
All right.
Sorry, let me pull up the presentation.
All right. Can you see the presentation?
All right, awesome. So um, quick, sorry,
quick introduction. I'm Brikitra Top Tan.
I'm an IT major,
undergrad major with a concentration of
data analytics.
Mostly in charge of just project
coordination, documentation,
communication with sponsor and I also did
some of the wireframes and I'm also doing
the research paper as well. Roy,
did you wanna go up next?
Yeah, I'm Roy Watson. I am an IT,
an undergrad IT major here at Kennesaw as
well.
I am studying with a concentration in
cybersecurity.
I'm mainly working for this project.
I'm mainly working on the SQL tables.
The SharePoint structure and the
reporting,
so the reports that we would do
afterwards.
Um, next we have Tim.
Hey, good afternoon everyone.
I'm Tim Weed.
I am an undergrad information technology
major with a concentration in enterprise
systems.
I'm kind of doing a lot of our back end
work,
kind of working a little bit as our
architect and you know,
just making sure all the connections work
as well as doing the the A I.
Prompting.
See.
Hey everyone, my name is Fahim.
I am a senior currently doing an
undergrad at KSU and I'm mainly
responsible for the dashboard with the UI
design and the presentation preparation
and some back end stuff with information,
research and stuff like that.
Hello,
my name is Sorin Obreja and for this
project I'm mostly responsible for the
workflow of the the project which it's in
regards with the Power Automate and how
can we integrate Power Automate and
SharePoint to make the entire flow of the
project.
Great.
So quick overview about what our
project's capable of.
So the project that we're making is the
the CCSC Capstone meeting intelligence
platform and the whole idea.
Oh, you've muted yourself.
Oh, OK. Thank you. Sorry about that.
Thanks for pointing that out.
So just a quick project overview about
what we're doing right now.
So our project is the CCSC Capstone
Meeting Intelligence platform and the
whole idea is to give the faculty a
better way to understand what's happening
through the sponsor.
And all of those team meetings,
they get recorded,
but it can become kind of a tedious task
to go back and forth to review them.
But then there can be issues like scope
creep, miscommunication,
or any policy issues.
So essentially what we're building is
just like a centralized system which
automates.
Automatically pulls the meeting
recordings and the transcripts from
Microsoft Teams,
stores everything in SharePoint and then
we're going to use Copilot and tools like
Power Automate to analyze those
transcripts and then from the analysis
system generates structured summaries.
And pulls out action items,
points out like potential red flags from
those meetings.
So anything that's like attendance issues,
scope creep, policy violation,
guideline violations, misconduct,
stuff like that.
And each flag is gonna include like
timestamps, transcript,
excerpts so the faculty can quickly see
what's what are the issues.
And then it's all gonna go into an admin
dashboard which is.
We're going to use, I believe,
Power Apps for it.
So it's going to give them give the CCS
leadership clean overview about all like
the meeting summaries, the red flags,
audit logs and also provide like weekly
digest reports.
That's kind of more of an optional thing
if we can get it done.
So hopefully that this program will help
the faculty like catch issues early on,
yes.
All right, so um, Tim,
did you wanna go up next for the
requirements documentation?
Yep, Yep.
So I was working on our requirements
documentation.
The the requirements we have are very
similar to the requirements of the the
previous team where we're using Microsoft
products and using Microsoft's in-house
tools.
To connect each of the different pieces.
So our requirements are that it's being
used by Kennesaw State University,
it's being used by licensed Microsoft
accounts,
it is being held within a secure
repository.
And is only being accessed by Kenesaw.
Those are some of our requirements as far
as like privacy and what not as far as
the tools go,
if you want to go to the next slide.
We're using all Microsoft internal tools,
so starting with Teams for the actual
meetings,
Teams is integrated with copilot,
so it'll automatically grab that
information.
Our goal there is to then run a Power
Automate flow that grabs that information
and takes a copy of it and puts it into a
separate repository.
This way we're not having to reach into
tons of different OneDrive locations and
SharePoint locations.
We're gonna compartmentalize it.
Once it's dropped into that SharePoint
library,
it's gonna trigger a copilot Power
Automate flow that's going to.
Review the transcript,
review the information the students were
given on the project,
the like the Word document we were given
at the beginning,
and go through and make sure that there's
no features being talked about that
aren't necessarily needed and there's no
creep and that people are staying on
track.
Once that information is processed by
copilot, it'll be.
Added up to a Microsoft Dataverse SQL
table tables and then those will power a
Power Apps dashboard that will be
specific to whichever user is signing in.
So they can only see the meetings and the
students that apply to that professor or
that sponsor or what have you.
So this is our Uh diagram,
the model of our database.
It all kind of centers around group our
group table,
which is through the group table.
We have multiple students and a team
leader, so that way.
In the reports,
the sponsor will know who to go to.
With that group ID,
we have multiple meetings or multiple
groups in a meeting.
From meeting we have date, a transcript,
process,
summary and flags taken from copilot.
What student is also used for is for the
attendance table,
which is how we will be tracking the
student's attendance.
Across the sponsor meetings and next on
to Sorin for his flow.
All right.
So over here what you guys ever see you
can see in this slide is it's kind of a
test of our power automate flow that we
want to use in our projects.
So we are based basically on the idea
that every recording in teams is create a
power.
A SharePoint folder,
so because everything will be over there,
we'll keep on going with the SharePoint
so.
What Power Automate is doing is basically
staking the the transcripts from the
SharePoint. So on the research that I did,
I noticed that all the recordings that
they there are in the SharePoint.
Must have a MP4 file file and also dot
VTT file.
So we thought we can work with this dot
VTT file in order to to get the
transcript and this is the the power
automate flow that we we we can do.
Our automate is it's if you see it's you
have these triggers that are over here.
It's using also if it's your way around a
prompt,
it's using actually the copilot as team
said in order to grab these items,
send it to.
I mean the items being the transcript,
send it to a database and from there
creating a a dashboard that we're going
to use and have everything visible.
Now my my only concern is and I talk with
my teammates about.
Um.
Where all the the the recordings will be
and based on my understanding it will be
just only one chat that somebody from the
faculty will have all this video because
I think this is the the entire thing that
I'm.
Thinking we are a little bit thinking
about that. What do you think, Tim,
about this?
Yes.
So that's why we were setting up that
repository to grab the information.
So we don't have to keep going out into
people's one drives to pull that.
We're going to pull it right after it
happens because those meetings are going
to be set up by the faculty.
We can make sure that there's like a
service account that would have the
proper permissions.
To be able to go in and read the
information out of those SharePoint sites,
Mm OK.
it would be read only permissions.
We don't need any execute or anything on
personal information,
we just need the ability to access that
specific folder for recordings.
OK. Thank you. I really appreciate it.
This is not yet. No, guys,
this is not the right assumption,
but we can talk about.
OK.
OK,
so basically this is it about Power
Automate.
Brakita.
So some of the next things that we're
going to talk about is our wireframes and
just the essential way our dashboards are
going to look. So Fahim,
did you want to take the lead on that?
Yes.
So the job was since the system is
intended for governance and academic
oversight,
clarity and usability were our top
priorities is designed to serve as a
centralized control panel where you know
you can access quickly.
The interface is more of a display
meeting summary generated by copilot
categorizing red flag alerts with defined
severity levels and transcripts that are
tied to specific time stamps and a
structure audit log that tracks action
takes taken on each.
Flag rather than overwhelming,
you know the user with raw transcript
data.
The dashboard translates it pretty much
in an analytic result that organizes into
decision ready insights for any user to
make.
The layout supports quick scanning for
risk while also allowing deeper
investigation.
And to specific meetings when needed.
Overall,
the designs is all about emphasizing
transparency, structured information,
and the ease of navigation,
ensuring that oversight becomes efficient
and actionable rather than time-consuming.
So this slide just shows how we're
collaborating and our just our meeting
schedule. And then Tim,
did you want to go over the Gantt chart
review?
Yes.
So this is just a a current screenshot of
our updated Gantt chart that we'll we'll
be sending on Sunday.
Currently we are still on track or maybe
at 99% on track.
So we're still in a good place and just
like the other team,
we gave ourselves a weak buffer at the
end to make sure that if anything delays
we have that.
Week of time to either catch up or refine.
All right. Thank you. And then.
These are some of the challenges and kind
of lessons we learned.
So some challenges that we faced early on
was just just getting our project changed
and having to do this project.
But we kind of adjusted ourselves quickly,
did the necessary research that we needed
to to kind of.
Understand just how to make this program.
Then we also try to understand just what
was expected for the minimal viable
product scope.
And then some of our lessons that we've
also learned is making sure that we.
Our team,
what we're making is aligned with the
sponsor and just making sure we have
clear documentation for everything and
that all of our tasks are structured and
kind of of good quality.
Right.
So this is a risk management overview.
Roy, did you want to take over?
So some identified risks that we've came
across with looking at creating our
solution was teams or power automate
limitations that being like what is?
As Soren mentioned earlier,
like what is teams saving the transcripts
as? On top of that,
some things that we realized is when
dealing with LLMS,
you will have some degree of LLM
hallucinations that you do have to take
into account and handle.
Other issues that we've identified were
time risks and team member
unresponsiveness and to mitigate these.
So for the team member unresponsiveness
and time constraints.
We are one have an escalation policy
defined for our communication. Two,
we have, we have separate ones,
one for emergency scenarios such as.
Hey,
we're close to a deadline and yet
someone's just not communicating with us.
And then we have a non-emergency for just
regular when we don't have a deadline
coming up,
how we mitigate the teams of power
automate.
Limitations would be early system testing
to mitigate the LLMLLM hallucinations.
We will be doing strict rag grounding
using policy documents and to make sure
that we do not run into issues with time
we are going to pre prioritize.
ingestion and analysis pipeline
development.
All right.
Our plan for our next milestone is to,
you know,
complete our power automate ingestion
flows,
make sure that they're all working
properly,
make sure that the co-pilot's transcript
analysis is working properly and we're
not, you know,
getting those hallucinations or issues
like we discussed in the last slide.
We do intend to have at least some of our
dashboards prototypable and and tribal
just so we can make sure that it is what
you guys are looking for and we're
excited to to bring that to you guys in
the next NiSLAM.
Thank you.
OK,
so let's start with the reporting
location.
I think I know that it was discussed,
but I'm not sure if you guys were part of
this discussion or maybe it was in an
e-mail. I I honestly don't remember.
Please, Tim, Tim Van, keep me on.
So what was said is that scheduling from
a service account.
Service account you know cannot schedule.
Service account can have the calendar
shared between different users and this
is how we do it right now.
So basically we have a shared calendar
and it's individual, so as you see.
Meetings are scheduled by Taylor and this
is for a reason because if we do it from
the Teams channel calendar,
first of all it's the reportings are on
the channels and 2nd there are number of
limitations that we cannot overcome such
as for some reason if it's scheduled from
Microsoft Calendar and not from.
Individual externals cannot be added or
they cannot share the screen,
they cannot present. Bottom line,
this doesn't work. So recordings are done.
Sorry,
meetings are scheduled by an individual.
Right now it's fail.
And all the recordings go to her OneDrive.
Not sure. OK,
so I did a test similar to what you did,
Serene,
and you can definitely create a power to
make flows that monitors OneDrive.
Or even copies from one drive to a
different location.
But what your program should do?
The user has to specify where the
recordings are.
See in just a second and then.
We said that there will be a directory
structure under this directory.
So basically in your program I enter the
the route location and from there there
are subdirectories each one for every
project and how I make the reportings go
into those directories is macro.
Yes.
Just to clarify what I meant by service
account,
the service account is not setting up or
creating any of the meetings.
The service account is just what is going
to have permissions to run the flows
because Power Automate flows are
dependent on the user who creates them
and it's their account that's tied to it.
That's the only point of the service
So yeah, mm-hmm.
account that everything else on the
meeting side.
None of that is changing.
You guys are still doing exactly what you
want.
We just need that account so it doesn't
matter who creates the meeting.
As long as we know who creates the
meeting,
you know it can be set up to to pull that
just in case. Like it's no longer Taylor,
it becomes someone else.
Again, I'm the user,
I'm the one who runs this flow or this
program,
and I'm at least for the simplicity of
this particular project.
Let's say everything is underneath.
It's my responsibility,
so I am the one who configures the flow
with my credentials.
So probably in your case it will be you
or whoever sitting, you know,
and he is also the one who operates the
the the the front and the actual app.
So app and the meeting scheduled.
Yeah.
And and the power to make flow are all on
the same one user to make it simple.
I think it simplifies and what this user
does it goes to your program and it
basically says all the recordings are
under this rule directory and under this
rule directory there will be sub
directory.
Directories.
For each project and the naming
convention you will figure out and you
will tell me.
But OK, it makes it much simpler.
So basically uh.
Your your flow and your program are
looking at the same directory which is
configured by the user. Yes Sir.
So Ala, if I understand correctly,
are you saying that for this project will
be some kind of involvement of OneDrive
can be used?
I saw that Power Automate can use both.
If I schedule,
if I schedule a meeting and this is
something that you guys will have to test.
If I schedule a meeting by myself,
the recording goes to my room, right?
OneDrive.
Yes, again. Don't, don't,
don't believe me. Test me.
OK.
You have to test it, yes, absolutely.
You have to test it,
schedule a meeting and then see recorded
and then see where is the recording plan.
Yes, Calvin.
Yes.
I have the recordings like OneDrive
folder pulled up.
It might be helpful just to share that so
they can see what I understand. Um.
Yeah. So they can see that I'm right.
Yeah, I know because, yeah, I have it too.
Let me see.
But I wanted you guys to and I don't know,
we've tried to schedule meetings so that
recordings go somewhere else.
Exactly. This is her one drive.
So under whoever creates the calls,
in this case Taylor Cuffie,
it's going to go to her OneDrive's
recordings.
So these are all the recent capstones for
like this kind of semester and you can
see in the details the specific paths.
O.
Exactly, exactly. And she can have,
you know, but it doesn't.
So if she operates your program,
she goes there and she specifies that
everything will be on the tailor coffee
slash file slash audience.
For example.
So if I if I understand correctly,
nothing is going to be run by.
So the the way that I thought this was
happening is it needed to happen
automatically.
Like after the meeting happens,
it needs to process that transcript and
then let the the team know if there's an
Hello.
issue.
Correct.
And I'm sorry to interrupt you because I
have a hard stop too,
but this is exactly correct.
The only difference is like where your
power automate flow runs all the time.
The only difference is which directories
comes.
Right.
So it has to the trigger should be off
this particular directory and it should
Yeah.
look for the reportings for this.
It should look at the files with a
particular name and convention, right?
Because like if I configure 3.
Capstone projects to be monitored.
Your flow shouldn't be jumping on each
and every recordings that they have.
It should only look for recording of the
special.
No,
you can filter in Power Automate looking
at just the way the recording was titled
or however the naming convention will be
set up.
If I if I.
Just for this,
you don't need just a second. Yeah,
can you go?
OK, what if, what if,
what if they encourage, for instance,
Taylor, right, that creates the meeting?
What if they encourage Taylor to set up
the meeting or schedule the meeting as
channel meetings for the dedicated team
That's what I said. Yes, yes, yes,
Andrew tested it.
or?
Yeah, that's.
And there is so much crap. Sorry. I mean,
it just didn't work because, you know,
Yeah.
for us it would have been ideal.
But for the sake of this project,
Yes.
it's actually an extra headache because,
you know, for each and every Capstone,
OK.
there is a different directive.
Right and but this is not the reason we
would have overcome it because when you
OK.
create a new project in the program you
could have specified the directory.
This is not a problem.
The problem is we physically cannot do it
because when she schedules it from the
channel.
There are so many different limitations
with the sponsors and also it doesn't sit
Hmm.
on your calendar.
Automatic. If I schedule this appointment,
it automatically goes to my calendar.
Otherwise I have to make sure to include
myself because otherwise it's not there.
So it's it's just. But again,
mostly it's because the externals,
the ways that externals are not allowed
to like join.
It's it's just fine.
Sponsors were not able to join,
they were not able to share the screens,
they're not able to use the chat,
and this is why we gave it.
So we cannot schedule from the channels.
OK, I think, yeah,
I think I understand the nature of the
problem better now.
Yeah, that was the first idea that we had.
Let's use the team channels to schedule
these meetings.
This just didn't work for us.
I wish maybe one day they fix it.
But right now it's news.
One more thing. So yeah,
you answered why we need students there,
but we don't need sponsors.
We only need students for schedule just
to make sure that the sponsor the the the
attendance requirements are different.
For different meetings and also to your
copilot prompt you will be able to to add
your own information on top like
documents on top of the prompt.
Uh, yeah,
we plan to the like the document that we
were given at the beginning of the
project that had all like the like the
You can, right? Mm-hmm.
yeah,
we we plan to give it that as a as a
reference source so we can reference that
and see like.
OK. So it accept. OK.
And what's important like the same like
Yeah.
the first team, you don't need even to.
Yeah,
I think you mentioned it that when we
record.
When they record,
it will create the transcripts.
You don't need to use AI to transcribe
the maps at the meeting.
You can assume that it's already there.
Yes, yes, this is what we are.
We are clear about that. Yes,
Yeah,
we're we already have that as a part of
we were ready.
It's creating in SharePoint. Yeah, yeah.
our plan. We we're gonna get the VTT file.
Exactly.
I mean if the meeting is scheduled
properly and the first team covered the
assumptions.
And.
That seat.
That's it. But again, you know, great job.
I see that both teams are, you know,
you're exactly where we wanted you guys
to be, maybe even a little bit ahead.
And this is wonderful. Donald,
would you like to give your feedback?
Yes, I'm here, so.
Good presentation overall.
I think you all should be proud.
I think you demonstrated.
Good understanding of the requirements
overall and I think that you demonstrated
that with the with the right artifacts to
help the sponsor understand kind of where
things are at.
So with your sponsors comments,
I think that you know you got you all
sounds like you're going to be pretty
solid for going forward milestone 2.
But yeah,
I think overall a good job and look
forward to seeing milestone 2.
On to.
Sandra,
anything on your side for the second team?
I think overall is a very, very clear,
practical solution that he drafted.
So I think I'll be really encourage them
to to just go ahead and do it right and
as the as more of these problems come up
then just bring it down to the.
To to to the table here and then we can
all fix it all together.
But overall they they they have a clear
understanding of what the problem is and
what and how to solve it.
Thank you, guys. Congratulations with.
Yeah, and especially team two,
you guys caught up.
So excited because you drunk late and.
You guys are, yeah, and simplify,
especially since you're doing play.
Like I said, you know,
just assume that everything is running
under the same user.
Cut yourself some slack this way.
At least it was a damage, right?
OK.
Thank you and have a great rest of your
week.
Thank you. You too. Have a great day.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
Thank you. Bye, bye. Thank you.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. Bye. Have a great one now. Bye.
Nice day. You too. Bye.
Have a good one.